as in this recipe video you will learn
how to make delicious apple chutney
perfect for this autumn season or if
you're thinking about holidays this is a
good gift for your host for this recipe
I have peeled and chopped my apples you
can use any variety of apples so I have
used here two or three different kinds a
royal gala use whichever ones you like
chop up small piece of onion and two
inch piece of ginger as well ginger runs
that nice taste to this chutney heat up
a pan once the pan is hot go ahead and
add two tablespoons of oil so vegetable
oil once the oil is hot one stick of
cinnamon thence a nice flavor for five
cloves and 1 teaspoon of black mustard
seed small seeds let the spices sizzle
in hot oil for 45 to 60 seconds and then
go ahead and add chopped up onions and
ginger so ginger is in onions are in and
we are going to saute our onions until
they're soft so add some salt so that
they can cook fast so 1/2 a teaspoon of
salt should be good and then once onions
turn golden brown you can add in your
apples so salt it in mixing everything
together notice the change in color we
are adding apples now once the apples
are in toss them together with spices
and then add sugar should be as per
taste 2 to 4 tablespoons I would say I'm
a little stingy but you can add more
also depends on kind of apples you are
using if they are less sweet you can add
more sugar if they're already sweet
don't have to use too much your choice
pure white vinegar going to use a 1
tablespoon of that its act acts as a
preservative and also lends nice
- and one teaspoon of balsamic vinegar I
don't want to use too much of vinegar
otherwise the chutney tastes too tacky
this way it's nice sweet sour great
flavors from spiciness from juicy apples
and after about five six minutes once
your apples are tender your chutney is
ready let it cool down and then you can
bottle it up if you are into canning
even canid it's a great gift I enjoyed
it on a piece of cracker my husband
likes it with his pork alright so give
it a try let me know how it turns out
for you and don't forget to subscribe